Hi, My name is Diana Moss,
and I teach Spanish at the Harker School in southern California,
and my Spanish 1 students really enjoyed reading Pobretica Ana
because it coincided with a lesson we were doing with clothing and shopping,
so they got to read about about the markets of Guatemala,
while we were learning about clothing, and then doing skits.
And then my Spanish 4 students were reading Frida Soy complicada,
and those students were doing a project, a research project about hispanic artists,
so we read about Frida, and we learned all about her from Flangoo,
and it kind of helped make that unit come alive.
So, reading is a great way, obviously, to grow student's vocabulary.
Students did little short writing paragraphs following the reading,
which really showed me that they really were understanding what they were doing.
So, thanks.